docs/howto/how_to_prepare_centosbased_gpu_enabled_image_for_ROS_perception_module.md, before:

HOW TO PREPARE CENTOS(7) BASED GPU ENABLED IMAGE FOR PERCETION RESEARCH
=======================================================================

## Setup docker image in CentOS based system

ApolloAuto uses Ubuntu partially because of the Linux distribution dependency of ROS indigo. The script
${apollo\_root}/docker/scirpts/install\_dcoker.sh inside the docker image involved. Most cloud based servers have already installed docker,
hence you can just go ahead without touching it. That is for ubuntu users. 

In CentOS, to install docker
you can either follow [the post](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/docker-ce/centos/#os-requirements) 
step by step instructions to install docker-ce or just fire 

> sudo yum update && sudo yum install -y docker

Start docker by

> sudo systemctl start docker

Check its healthy status by

> sudo systemctl status docker

In a matter of the fact, we recommend you to install `nvidia-docker`. `Nvidia-docker2` is currently 
under `alpha` verision, and should not be used in production environment. 

As typically sugggested by Docker company, you should add your name to docker group

> sudo usermod -aG docker $(whoami)

In the latest update from baidu user, cannot build apolloauto from dockerfile. If that is not 
your case, you should open your dockerfile ${apollo\_auto}/docker/scirptsdev.\*dockerfile, 
and then insert the following command into the it:

> apt-get install -y python-rosbag

before executing `dev_start.sh` to build or pull an image from  apolloauto for CentOS, you have to 
modify ${apollo\_auto}/scripts/docker\_adduser.sh first by adding "--force-badname" in line 21.

> adduser --force-badname --disable-password ...

## GPU enabled container for perception research

#### update driver in host 

This part is much more tricky because you have to install an nvidia driver in docker container as the same 
version of that in your host machine and stop "nvidia.uvm" relevant modules. 

If you are using `VirtualBox`, whether the virtual graphic adapter \(VGA\) can pass through hardware depends
on your nvidia driver and gpu versions. Some developlers suggest KVM, VMWare and Xen where hardware passthrough to VM
is well developed.

Check hardware modules from nvidia driver, using

	> lsmod | grep nvidia

To successfully build nvidia driver `375.39` suggested by Baidu, you have to download the compatible linux source version, for example
`3.10.0-693.5.2.el7.x86_64` and pass it to the "NVIDIA.\*run". Whether it
will or not succeed really depends on your Linux Kernel version. Please vim "NVIDIA.\*run" to check correct keyword to pass.

#### update driver in docker

Although you can succeed in the above solution, it really hurts your team to stop loaded NVIDIA modules and GPU intensive jobs 
in a public Floating Computation machine with a long list of managers and IT supporters to approve your operation.

A better way is to apply for operation time and update baidu's driver inside docker. The following problems might raise

1. gcc version confiction with NVIDIA driver: 
   - baidu uses gcc-4.8.4, it is old, check `install_nvidia_driver.sh` to see how to update
2. bazel dependency: after installation of the driver, you would have better to roll back the default gcc version to build apollo
3. resintall cuda: it will cause you roughly 2GB, please scale the container to proper size by adjusting paremters in `docker run` statement
   - inspect mounted disk inside docker, `df -h`, replace the directory which you think good in `reinstall_cuda.sh` keywrod 
     keyword `--tmpdir`

After installation you, can check the situation by issuing

```bash
cat /proc/driver/nvidia/version
nvidia-smi
```

`nvidia-smi` should work normally listing available physic cards as in the host machine.

Finally,

	> ./apollo.sh build_gpu && ./scripts/percetion.sh start

If there is no error records in `data/log/`, you are good.

## Prebuild image downloading

Check my [DockerHup](https://hub.docker.com/r/yiakwy/apolloautocentos\_gpu), you don't have to build it!

## Trouble shouting

What if you mistakenly committed wrong `\*.pd.txt` files and cannot rebase onto the lastest develop branch? Try the 
following commands:

```
git reset --soft HEAD^ # back to the staging area from previous commit
for f in $UNWANTED_FILES
	git reset HEAD $f
	git git update-index --assume-unchanged $f
git commit -m ${MESSAGE}
```

replace the arguments you actually need.

## Contact me!

https://yiakwy.github.io

Commit message:

Update in How-to - Missing links and Reference section now added (#4641)
* Update in How-to

* Missing link in readme - perception visualizer

* updating how-to

* updating how-to

* updating how-to

* updating how-to

docs/howto/how_to_prepare_centosbased_gpu_enabled_image_for_ROS_perception_module.md, after:

## How to Prepare CENTOS(7) based GPU enabled image for the Perception Module

## Setup docker image in CentOS based system

ApolloAuto uses Ubuntu partially because of the Linux distribution dependency of ROS indigo. The script
${apollo\_root}/docker/scirpts/install\_dcoker.sh inside the docker image involved. Most cloud based servers have already installed docker,
hence you can just go ahead without touching it. That is for ubuntu users. 

In CentOS, to install docker
you can either follow [the post](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/linux/docker-ce/centos/#os-requirements) 
step by step instructions to install docker-ce or just fire 

> sudo yum update && sudo yum install -y docker

Start docker by

> sudo systemctl start docker

Check its healthy status by

> sudo systemctl status docker

In a matter of the fact, we recommend you to install `nvidia-docker`. `Nvidia-docker2` is currently 
under `alpha` verision, and should not be used in production environment. 

As typically sugggested by Docker company, you should add your name to docker group

> sudo usermod -aG docker $(whoami)

In the latest update from baidu user, cannot build apolloauto from dockerfile. If that is not 
your case, you should open your dockerfile ${apollo\_auto}/docker/scirptsdev.\*dockerfile, 
and then insert the following command into the it:

> apt-get install -y python-rosbag

before executing `dev_start.sh` to build or pull an image from  apolloauto for CentOS, you have to 
modify ${apollo\_auto}/scripts/docker\_adduser.sh first by adding "--force-badname" in line 21.

> adduser --force-badname --disable-password ...

## GPU enabled container for perception research

#### update driver in host 

This part is much more tricky because you have to install an nvidia driver in docker container as the same 
version of that in your host machine and stop "nvidia.uvm" relevant modules. 

If you are using `VirtualBox`, whether the virtual graphic adapter \(VGA\) can pass through hardware depends
on your nvidia driver and gpu versions. Some developlers suggest KVM, VMWare and Xen where hardware passthrough to VM
is well developed.

Check hardware modules from nvidia driver, using

	> lsmod | grep nvidia

To successfully build nvidia driver `375.39` suggested by Baidu, you have to download the compatible linux source version, for example
`3.10.0-693.5.2.el7.x86_64` and pass it to the "NVIDIA.\*run". Whether it
will or not succeed really depends on your Linux Kernel version. Please vim "NVIDIA.\*run" to check correct keyword to pass.

#### update driver in docker

Although you can succeed in the above solution, it really hurts your team to stop loaded NVIDIA modules and GPU intensive jobs 
in a public Floating Computation machine with a long list of managers and IT supporters to approve your operation.

A better way is to apply for operation time and update baidu's driver inside docker. The following problems might raise

1. gcc version confiction with NVIDIA driver: 
   - baidu uses gcc-4.8.4, it is old, check `install_nvidia_driver.sh` to see how to update
2. bazel dependency: after installation of the driver, you would have better to roll back the default gcc version to build apollo
3. resintall cuda: it will cause you roughly 2GB, please scale the container to proper size by adjusting paremters in `docker run` statement
   - inspect mounted disk inside docker, `df -h`, replace the directory which you think good in `reinstall_cuda.sh` keywrod 
     keyword `--tmpdir`

After installation you, can check the situation by issuing

```bash
cat /proc/driver/nvidia/version
nvidia-smi
```

`nvidia-smi` should work normally listing available physic cards as in the host machine.

Finally,

	> ./apollo.sh build_gpu && ./scripts/percetion.sh start

If there is no error records in `data/log/`, you are good.

## Prebuild image downloading

Check my [DockerHup](https://hub.docker.com/r/yiakwy/apolloautocentos\_gpu), you don't have to build it!

## Trouble shouting

What if you mistakenly committed wrong `\*.pd.txt` files and cannot rebase onto the lastest develop branch? Try the 
following commands:

```
git reset --soft HEAD^ # back to the staging area from previous commit
for f in $UNWANTED_FILES
	git reset HEAD $f
	git git update-index --assume-unchanged $f
git commit -m ${MESSAGE}
```

replace the arguments you actually need.

## Contact me!

https://yiakwy.github.io
