docs/quickstart/README.md, before:

# Quick Start Guides

## Apollo 2.5

- [Apollo 2.5 quick start](apollo_2_5_quick_start.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 quick start cn](apollo_2_5_quick_start_cn.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 hardware system installation guide](apollo_2_5_hardware_system_installation_guide_v1.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 map collection guide](apollo_2_5_map_collection_guide.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 map collection guide cn](apollo_2_5_map_collection_guide_cn.md)

## Apollo 2.0

- [Apollo 2.0 quick start](apollo_2_0_quick_start.md)
- [Apollo 2.0 quick start cn](apollo_2_0_quick_start_cn.md)
- [Apollo 2.0 hardware system installation guide](apollo_2_0_hardware_system_installation_guide_v1.md)
- [Apollo 2.0 sensor calibration guide](apollo_2_0_sensor_calibration_guide.md)
- [Apollo 2.0 sensor calibration guide cn](apollo_2_0_sensor_calibration_guide_cn.md)

## Apollo 1.5

- [Apollo 1.5 quick start](apollo_1_5_quick_start.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 quick start cn](apollo_1_5_quick_start_cn.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 hardware system installation guide](apollo_1_5_hardware_system_installation_guide.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 hardware system installation guide cn](apollo_1_5_hardware_system_installation_guide_cn.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 lidar calibration guide](apollo_1_5_lidar_calibration_guide.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 lidar calibration guide cn](apollo_1_5_lidar_calibration_guide_cn.md)

## Apollo 1.0

- [Apollo 1.0 quick start](apollo_1_0_quick_start.md)
- [Apollo 1.0 quick start cn](apollo_1_0_quick_start_cn.md)
- [Apollo 1.0 hardware system installation guide](apollo_1_0_hardware_system_installation_guide.md)
- [Apollo 1.0 quick start developer](apollo_1_0_quick_start_developer.md)

## Others
- [Apollo software installation guide](apollo_software_installation_guide.md)
- [Apollo software installation guide cn](apollo_software_installation_guide_cn.md)

Commit message:

added technical tutorial to Quickstart

docs/quickstart/README.md, after:

# Quick Start Guides

## Apollo 2.5

- [Apollo 2.5 quick start](apollo_2_5_quick_start.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 quick start cn](apollo_2_5_quick_start_cn.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 hardware system installation guide](apollo_2_5_hardware_system_installation_guide_v1.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 map collection guide](apollo_2_5_map_collection_guide.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 map collection guide cn](apollo_2_5_map_collection_guide_cn.md)
- [Apollo 2.5 technical guide](apollo_2.5_technical_tutorial.md) - Everything you need to know about Apollo 2.5

## Apollo 2.0

- [Apollo 2.0 quick start](apollo_2_0_quick_start.md)
- [Apollo 2.0 quick start cn](apollo_2_0_quick_start_cn.md)
- [Apollo 2.0 hardware system installation guide](apollo_2_0_hardware_system_installation_guide_v1.md)
- [Apollo 2.0 sensor calibration guide](apollo_2_0_sensor_calibration_guide.md)
- [Apollo 2.0 sensor calibration guide cn](apollo_2_0_sensor_calibration_guide_cn.md)

## Apollo 1.5

- [Apollo 1.5 quick start](apollo_1_5_quick_start.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 quick start cn](apollo_1_5_quick_start_cn.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 hardware system installation guide](apollo_1_5_hardware_system_installation_guide.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 hardware system installation guide cn](apollo_1_5_hardware_system_installation_guide_cn.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 lidar calibration guide](apollo_1_5_lidar_calibration_guide.md)
- [Apollo 1.5 lidar calibration guide cn](apollo_1_5_lidar_calibration_guide_cn.md)

## Apollo 1.0

- [Apollo 1.0 quick start](apollo_1_0_quick_start.md)
- [Apollo 1.0 quick start cn](apollo_1_0_quick_start_cn.md)
- [Apollo 1.0 hardware system installation guide](apollo_1_0_hardware_system_installation_guide.md)
- [Apollo 1.0 quick start developer](apollo_1_0_quick_start_developer.md)

## Others
- [Apollo software installation guide](apollo_software_installation_guide.md)
- [Apollo software installation guide cn](apollo_software_installation_guide_cn.md)
